In this playground, I mainly used UIKit for the first two parts, utilizing skills including animations to implement the basic presentation of chess and to  give instruction of the rules.
The last part, and the very core part of the whole project, is the human-computer game of Chess. The first thing is to allow the player to be able to get to play chess. Due to time limitation, I chose to use JS, which I have more familiarity with, to realize an html page that can be interactive with the user. This html page is then displayed embedded using WebkKit.
In this html page, I have fulfilled the basic interaction logic of most chess games. Since the goal of this playground is more about introducing and expanding the game of chess, which is a very popular game in China, I chose to lower the threshold of the game by prompting the user for all possible moves. Of course, I forbid any move that is illegal.
As for the chess bots that play against the user, I have provided two levels.They both have two layers.Having the player made a move, the AI first searches the library for a strategy based on the present situation.A response is made according to the pattern, which is extracted from classic chess strategies. But, big chance is, there is no matched pattern for the situation can be really complicated. If in the match, the solution cannot be found, a game tree based algorithm is applied. With a simple valuation function, the situation is quantifies. The iterative search creates several layers of nodes, which makes my AI foresighted. Of course, the massive game tree developed by the iterative search is extremely resource consuming in terms of time and memory, so I used alpha-beta pruning to optimize it, allowing my AI to respond quickly. And also, as mentioned earlier, I offered two levels of AI, which relies on the varying the depth of the game tree.


Hi, I am Yang Jingjie, a computer science student from Jilin University of China. With great passion on programming, I am a member of the IOS Club of our school. Being the head of the media group, I have been promoting IOS programming to the school, attracting more people who are passionate about computers. At the same time, as a computer major student with certain skills, I have an obligation to teach and help in the training actives of our club 
 And also, I've been written blogs to document and share my experience of coding by which I hope to help people with the trouble I have occurred in the past. Also, I participated in the MCM/ICM in a group with student from other major. I joined a team of our National Undergraduate Training Programs for Innovation and Entrepreneurship which is formed by students of different majors. In the processing of accomplishing the project, I spread out basic knowledge of computer science.


I am a student from Computer Science, and I chose this major because of my love for computers and my passion for programming. As someone who has been exposed to computers since the age of 5, the convenience computers bring to me makes me much curious about the broader and more complex world of programming behind it.
The world of coding is often tied to the word nerd. But as a student who double-majored in law, I think I can take that label off of me. I love the world of social sciences and humanities, and at the same time, I love the rigorous world of programming. I would like to embrace the wide world and enjoy the collision and exchange of cultures. So I participated in the MCM/ICM, and brought Chinese chess to WWDC, hoping to provide you with a great cultural experience.
